Docsite: update communication.rst (#77135)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/communication.rst

* no line limits
* images

> The room links in the :ref:`list below<general_channels>` will take you directly to the relevant rooms. For more information, see the community-hosted `Matrix FAQ <https://hackmd.io/@ansible-community/community-matrix-faq>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The room links in the :ref:`general_channels` will take you directly to the relevant rooms. For more information, see the community-hosted `Matrix FAQ <https://hackmd.io/@ansible-community/community-matrix-faq>`_.
```

Author: Looks much better, thanks

as described in the `libera.chat docs <https://libera.chat/guides/findingchannels>`_.

.. _general_channels:

General channels
----------------

The clickable links will take you directly to the relevant Matrix room in your browser; room/channel information is also given for use in other clients:

> - `Community social room and posting news for the Bullhorn newsletter <https://matrix.to:/#/#social:ansible.im>`_ - ``Matrix:#social:ansible.im | IRC: #ansible-social``

Reviewer 2: space between `Matrix:` and `#social:ansible.im` for consistency

Author: ah, thanks! fixed

The Ansible community holds regular meetings on various topics on Matrix/IRC, and anyone who is interested is invited to participate. For more information about Ansible meetings, consult the `meeting schedule and agenda page <https://github.com/ansible/community/blob/master/meetings/README.md>`_.

Ansible Community Topics
========================

The `Ansible Community Steering Committee <https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/ansible_community_steering_committee.rst>`_ uses the `community-topics repository <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_ to asynchronously discuss with the Community and vote on Community topics in corresponding issues.

Create a new issue in the `repository <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_ if you want to discuss an idea that impacts any of the following:

* Ansible Community

> * Community collection best practices and requirements

Reviewer 3: Would it be useful to include any available links for items in this list?

Author: Sounds like a great idea! Added several, thanks! If you have other links on your mind, please suggest

* `Community collection inclusion policy <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/blob/main/README.md>`_
* `The Community governance <https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/ansible_community_steering_committee.rst>`_

> * Other proposals of importance that need the Committee's attention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Other proposals of importance that need the Committee or overall Ansible community attention
```

Reviewer: I worry that limiting community-topics to just what the steering committee needs to hear would stifle conversation (like most if not all the docs-based discussion topics I've gotten great help with recently).

Author: indeed, thanks! I'll replicate this change to the SC docs
